Hi welcome to the course or for beginners basics motion and up in theory Ross is the main development
framework for robotics applications.
However it takes a long time for a new user to grasp well the concepts and understand well the internal
mechanics of for us due to the steep learning curve.
I'm glad to put this course at the heart of the beginners users learners in the pragmatic and focused
fashion.
Step by step with a clear roadmap.
This course is a result of several years of experience of working and developing programs with us.
I am a new school professor in computer science and I have a long experience developing programs we
trust in both academia and industry at academic level.
I have taught Ross for university students and this allowed me to understand well the problems that
make the students struggle to learn the ropes and develop solutions to overcome them.
I have also developed training programs for learning Gruss in the context of research projects.
I developed several softwares for us including the Rosling protocol that integrates robots with cloud
and Internet of Things.
The my boat service Robert for home and office usage I've plugins for robot operating system and maturer
systems for us enabling robots.
Much more industrial level.
I have been leading the research and development department of Gaeltacht robotics and we have developed
aerial and ground robots platform all around us.
I am also the founder and the maintainer of Gatwick it you portering and I have good many books on race
with Springer based on my experience in numerous user has to learn concepts and system then learn how
to make a robot move in the environment and also learn how Robert sees the environment as such.
The course is organized in three main parts.
The first part deals with various concepts including gross computation graphs such as Rush notes topics
messages services actually and chose how to develop simple programs for us in both C++ and Python.
The Course also gives new users how to install trust on their system.
Once these concepts are understood the second part deals with basic robot motion.
We build a simple application using the turtle sim simulator that makes the robot moves in different
trajectories and simulates a robot meaning application.
This part illustrates how to manage a Ross project in C++ and how to decompose a large problem into
a subset of problems that need to develop into a global solution.
In addition it will make you understand Robert kinematics and how to control a robot motion mirrorless.
The first part of the course deals with Robert perception and presents an overview on up and see which
is the most powerful library to develop computer vision and image processing and what it is we get most
with several programs of open Zeevi on Russ and show how to bridge between rows image format and up
is Zeevi image format.
The Course also provides many hints on activities so that the student can assess his understanding of
the concepts presented in the lectures.
At the end viscose provides a comprehensive overview of ros and allows a new user to quickly find his
path into developing his own project with us.
Welcome to the course.